hey what's up guys this is Alan over
Sonic Electronix so we're going to be
dynoing an amplifier today using our SMD
81 we're going to be dynoing the n VX j
ad 1201 mono block and we're going to be
running a series of a few tests we're
going to be running a certified rms
power and dynamic rms power so we can
see what this amplifier does the
manufacturer says 500 watts at forums
800 watts at 2 ohms and 1200 watts RMS
at 1m so let's see what this baby does
in the real world
so the results are in for our certified
RMS power and our dynamic RMS power so
for certified at 4 ohms we got 662 watts
RMS at 2 ohms certified we got 1037 RMS
and at 1 ohm we got thirteen hundred and
eighty four watts RMS now we also did
the dynamic test like well like we said
earlier in the video dynamic at 4 ohms
we got 666 watts RMS at 2 ohms eleven
hundred and twenty-eight watts RMS and
at 1 ohm 1647 RMS so definitely quite a
bit higher than what the manufacturer
says on the Box the manufacturer
actually rated 4 ohm 500 watts RMS 2
ohms at 801 ohm at $1200 m/s so we
definitely got some some good results
with dynoing this amplifier so clearly
you can see the jad 1201 by nvx as a
true performer it definitely exceeds
what the manufacturer says and that's
great because you're realistically going
to get true power once you put this in
the car yeah we've got 4 batteries
hooked up to this we don't have an
alternator and kind of see down there
our bank of batteries but the advantage
of testing this is that you can really
see that you're really going to get what
you pay for with this amplifier I think
it's great I mean getting 1200 watts you
know or more out of a chassis this size
is great and with that this is Alan with
Sonic Electronix and thanks for watching